sdk logging file size & rotation (#3495)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Added a period at the end of lines produced by the **generate-docs** command that state the tested version of the product.
* Update `RN112` validation's docs reference link.

> * Fixed an issue where **<command>** would <bad thing> when <condition>

Reviewer: 🤔 
```suggestion
```

* Added support to control the maximum file size and log rotation files count in the sdk logger.

> * Fixed an issue with where passing the deprecated logging arguments to any command presented the wrong recommendation for the argument substitution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with where passing the deprecated logging arguments to any command presented an incorrect recommendation for argument substitution.
```

> * Fixed an issue with where **graph** commands logging argument documentation was wrong.
> * Fixed an issue with where **generate-unit-tests** logging argument documentation was wrong.
> * Fixed an issue with where **generate-modeling-rules** logging argument documentation was wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the documentation of logging arguments was incorrect.
```

## Unreleased
* Added a period at the end of lines produced by the **generate-docs** command that state the tested version of the product.
* Update `RN112` validation's docs reference link.
* Added support to control the maximum file size and log rotation files count in the sdk logger.
* Fixed an issue with wrong recommendation for log level deprecated arguments in the sdk logger.

> * Fixed an issue with wrong documentation for log level arguments in the sdk logger.

Reviewer: see the end [here](https://confluence-dc.paloaltonetworks.com/display/DemistoContent/Changelogs)
